Dear Name Surname,
	My first introduction to the fashion world was a beautiful pair of quilted gray Tory Burch Reva ballet flats my mother bought when I was in middle school. It was from there I became hooked on the eclectic detailing and colorful prints that have branded Tory Burch as the highly revered American lifestyle brand it is today. Being that I owe my penchant for beautiful products to Tory Burch, you can imagine my ecstatic reaction when I saw the Summer 2016 Internship Program listed on your website. As a junior who is double majoring in Accounting and Marketing, I would be thrilled to work in either the sales or marketing departments, but I am open to other opportunities.

	Over the years I’ve maintained a sales focused career through a variety of jobs and internships. From door to door cold calling, selling clothes, and training employees to maintaining stockrooms, managing sales teams, and creating marketing programs, I have learned a wide range of sales aspects through the various challenges that have been thrown at me. It gives me great satisfaction to learn something new, assign me any task and I won’t leave until I’ve mastered it; I don’t merely thrive in stimulating learning environments, I delight in it.

	Not only will I get the job done, I will produce the highest quality of work; I pride myself on surpassing given requirements and improving upon each job to make it more effective. At US PIRG I “broke the rules” by tailoring their strict, prewritten speech to relate better to the public and my sales blossomed- I consistently raised 460% more than the daily-required amount. But I didn’t just keep this information to myself, I hosted interactive workshops with the entire cohort and together we helped the company surpass its summer donation goals by thousands of dollars.

	While I love seeing the numbers rack up, I recognize sales is more that. For me, sales is about the customer and I’m dedicated to making each one feel important. I don't just make sales- I make relationships. I am gracefully persuasive, never manipulative, and I have yet to meet a person I couldn’t win over. Once, a previous customer of mine even wrote to Madewell headquarters claiming she had “the best shopping experience of her life” because of how “helpful, friendly, and conversational” I was. My dad calls it the “gift of the gab,” I just call it second nature.

	In closing, I am overjoyed at the possibility of interning with Tory Burch and would love the opportunity to share how I will be a great fit for the Summer Internship Program. I truly appreciate your consideration and look forward to hearing from you.

Warmest Regards,

Ariel Winter