Account Executive
Please consider my enclosed resume and credentials as my application for . I found this position through indeed job board. I am a rising senior year student at George Washington University majoring in Finance. My coursework and my past experience makes me a qualified candidate for this position.

Review of my qualifications will showcase years strong quantitative, statistical, analytical, accounting, technical and problem solving skills obtained from academic and internship experience relevant to the finance industry. These experiences have enabled me to collaborate effectively with financial leaders at all levels of a corporation. I am certain that my motivation, academic experience, bilingualism, financial expertise and professional demeanor will make me an excellent addition to your team as your Account Executive.
Other highlights of my career that succeed expectations at IMRE would be:

Awarded Top Sales Consultant in the territory for two straight quarters and numerous other recognition for helping drive the business, with $74,2663.32 worth of merchandise sold in the top performing quarter at Best Buy.
Exceptional academic qualifications, including a forthcoming Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance from The George Washington University School of Business.
Successfully automated and maintained an innovative metrics reporting process for the team's monthly capitalization rates, dramatically increasing capitalization opportunities on a per project basis at Royal Bank of Canada.
Effectively prepared a variety of business and personal tax returns for clients using Syntax, filing more than 84 tax returns a day resulting in an additional 34 new clients during the taxation season at MA Consulting.
Provided expert assistance in auditing and organizing information regarding tax returns.
Assisted specialists in verifying data and communicating with customers to maintain documentation, running and preparing support documents at Mariner Finance.

My sales experience at Best Buy in particular, would be an asset for IMRE. I exceeded the sales target month after month and was recognized as one of the emerging stars in the company . The strong relationships cultivated with clients, team members, upper management, and the community resulted in significant increases in the success of numerous projects and a stellar reputation in the sales industry. It would be a pleasure to work at IMRE where teamwork, efficiency and customer satisfaction comes first. My resume will provide additional details concerning my accomplishments. I welcome the opportunity for an interview to discuss the performance you can expect from me.

Thank you in advance for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Sincerely,

Daniel Pietersen

Enclosure